@NATHANIELCROSBY1
NATHANIELCROSBY1 create
…
609e127
13 days ago
Git stats
 27,477 commits
Files
Type
Name
Latest commit message
Commit time
.github
Bump github/codeql-action from 1.0.26 to 1.0.31 (flutter#97820)
14 days ago
bin
Roll Engine from 2a4709ae9fc4 to 0712096899f0 (1 revision) (flutter#9…
13 days ago
dev
Include -isysroot -arch and -miphoneos-version-min when creating dumm…
15 days ago
examples
Clean up the bindings APIs. (flutter#89451)
16 days ago
packages
Report progress on Dismissible update callback (flutter#95504)
14 days ago
.ci.yaml
Marks Linux_android opacity_peephole_fade_transition_text_perf__e2e_s…
15 days ago
.cirrus.yml
Pin dependencies in docker file. (flutter#97466)
18 days ago
.gitattributes
Add pre-stable support for create on Windows (flutter#51895)
2 years ago
.gitignore
Add macOS ephemeral to gitignore (flutter#96397)
20 days ago
AUTHORS
Mirror before scaling in _AnimatedIconPainter (flutter#93312)
24 days ago
CODEOWNERS
[codeowners] Remove *_builders.json ownership (flutter#91691)
4 months ago
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
Update CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (flutter#94583)
3 months ago
CONTRIBUTING.md
Links How to contribute to Flutter YouTube video (flutter#96313)
last month
LICENSE
License update (flutter#45373)
2 years ago
PATENT_GRANT
Rename patent file (flutter#38686)
3 years ago
README.md
Update README (flutter#97271)
24 days ago
TESTOWNERS
Add benchmarks to measure impact of alpha saveLayers in DisplayLists (f…
23 days ago
analysis_options.yaml
Enable no_leading_underscores_for_local_identifiers (flutter#96422)
29 days ago
dartdoc_options.yaml
Eliminate uses of pub executable in docs publishing and sample analys…
6 months ago
flutter_console.bat
License update (flutter#45373)
2 years ago
git clone
create
13 days ago
README.md
Flutter logo
Build Status - Cirrus Discord badge Twitter handle

Flutter is Google's SDK for crafting beautiful, fast user experiences for mobile, web, and desktop from a single codebase. Flutter works with existing code, is used by developers and organizations around the world, and is free and open source.

Documentation
Install Flutter
Flutter documentation
Development wiki
Contributing to Flutter
For announcements about new releases, follow the flutter-announce@googlegroups.com mailing list. Our documentation also tracks breaking changes across releases.

Terms of service
The Flutter tool may occasionally download resources from Google servers. By downloading or using the Flutter SDK you agree to the Google Terms of Service: https://policies.google.com/terms

For example, when installed from GitHub (as opposed to from a prepackaged archive), the Flutter tool will download the Dart SDK from Google servers immediately when first run, as it is used to execute the flutter tool itself. This will also occur when Flutter is upgraded (e.g. by running the flutter upgrade command).

About Flutter
We think Flutter will help you create beautiful, fast apps, with a productive, extensible and open development model, whether you're targeting iOS or Android, web, Windows, macOS, Linux or embedding it as the UI toolkit for a platform of your choice.

Beautiful user experiences
We want to enable designers to deliver their full creative vision without being forced to water it down due to limitations of the underlying framework. Flutter's layered architecture gives you control over every pixel on the screen and its powerful compositing capabilities let you overlay and animate graphics, video, text, and controls without limitation. Flutter includes a full set of widgets that deliver pixel-perfect experiences whether you're building for iOS (Cupertino) or Android (Material), along with support for customizing or creating entirely new visual components.

Reflectly hero image

Fast results
Flutter is fast. It's powered by the same hardware-accelerated 2D graphics library that underpins Chrome and Android: Skia. We architected Flutter to support glitch-free, jank-free graphics at the native speed of your device. Flutter code is powered by the world-class Dart platform, which enables compilation to 32-bit and 64-bit ARM machine code for iOS and Android, as well as JavaScript for the web and Intel x64 for desktop devices.

Dart diagram

Productive development
Flutter offers stateful hot reload, allowing you to make changes to your code and see the results instantly without restarting your app or losing its state.

Hot reload animation

Extensible and open model
Flutter works with any development tool (or none at all), and also includes editor plug-ins for both Visual Studio Code and IntelliJ / Android Studio. Flutter provides tens of thousands of packages to speed your development, regardless of your target platform. And accessing other native code is easy, with support for both FFI and platform-specific APIs.

Flutter is a fully open-source project, and we welcome contributions. Information on how to get started can be found in our contributor guide.
